(docs) Add description and keywords (#206)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/additional-info/kb.md

---
id: kb
title: Knowledge Base
keywords: 
 - Knowledge base

>  - OpenEBS Knowledge base

Reviewer: Let's see if we can add a few more keywords.

Author: Added few more.

> description: The knowledge base may include summaries, manuals, troubleshooting guides, runbooks, and other information that users want or need to know.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: The knowledge base includes summaries, manuals, troubleshooting guides, runbooks, and other information that users want or need to know.
```

> description: The knowledge base may include Summary, manuals, troubleshooting guides, runbooks and other information that users may want or need to know.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: The knowledge base may include summaries, manuals, troubleshooting guides, runbooks, and other information that users may want or need to know.
```

Reviewer 2: Since this a SEO description of the page, I think it's better to skip the word `may`.  This should say the definite context of the page.
